Follow up documentation update on SGTK_ALLOW_NO_HTTPS (#951)
shotgunsoftware/tk-core: docs/environment_variables.rst

``SGTK_AUTH_ALLOW_NO_HTTPS``
----------------------------
Allows the user to bypass the HTTPS requirement for the authentication methods.

> This is not recommended and should only be used together with legacy ShotGrid local installations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is not recommended and should only be used in combination with legacy ShotGrid local installations.
```
